Add documentation (#40)
dasch-swiss/dsp-ingest: docs/index.md

# Dsp-Ingest

The Dsp-Ingest service is designed to streamline and optimize the process of ingesting and managing data within the
DaSCH Service Platform.

It provides a RESTful [API](api-endpoints-projects.md) for the digital asset management.

# Assets

> Assets are the core of the Dsp-Ingest service. They can be images, videos, audio files, Excel file, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assets are the core of the Dsp-Ingest service. They can be different sort of files, like: images, videos, audios, etc.
```

Reviewer: Or this sentence might be removed, because it's kind of repeated in Type of assets paragraph
